# pyproject1
Write a program that will keep running (i.e. doing what is being asked below), till the user inputs an 'E' (for exit).Ask the user for a number.
The program should display all positive factors of the number that is input.oFor instance, if the user inputs 100, all factors of 100 are displayed. The factors are:1, 2, 4, 5, 10, 20, 25, 50, 100oSimilarly, if the user inputs 150, all factors of 150 are displayed. The factors are:1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 10, 15, 25, 30, 50, 75, 150Then, if the total number of Factors isoLess than 10: Display "This is too less - Good Bye". And theProgram Ends!oMore than 10: Do the following
Display the highest 3 factors (e.g. for 150 - the highest 3 factors are 50, 75, 150)
Display the average of the above 3 factors (e.g. for 150 - average is 91.667). And theProgram Ends!RequirementsMake all the "best programming practice" decisions, e.g. how to show the output,what prompts to display, how to ask for input etc.You are the developer/engineer, it is YOUR decision ... YOUR job. If the programis not presented nicely, you will lose points.First, all that is being asked should be done. Second, the displays should be intuitive, self-explanatory and nicely put.Do NOT assume that the user knows ANYTHING.
Write the program such that any new person that sits in front of the terminal, can start playing with it (i.e., the commands, displays etc. are adequate).Submission and DemoPlease save your Python codes into a Word document and show the Screen Output(s) in the same document, and then submit the documentto D2L. Thank you!You will be asked to demo the project next class
